Add motus preplong for long reads profiling (#559)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/output.md

  - `<db_name>/`
    - `<sample_id>.log`: A log file that contains summary statistics
    - `<sample_id>.out`: A classification file that summarises taxonomic identifiers, by default at the rank of mOTUs (i.e., species level), and their relative abundances in the profiled sample.

>     - `<sample_id>.prep_long.gz`: Output file where long reads are converted into shorter reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `<sample_id>.prep_long.gz`: Output file of long reads that have cut up into into shorter reads.
```
